Added rollback comments for upgrade (#278)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/migrate-from-MKE-3.md

{{< /callout >}}

> ### Migration failure

Reviewer: Do you want to add an example output here too? 

```
WARN[0096] Initiating rollback because of upgrade failure. upgradeErr = aborting upgrade due to signal interrupt 
INFO[0096] Initiating rollback of MKE to version: 3.7.15 
INFO[0096] Step 1 of 2: [Rollback Upgrade Tasks]        
INFO[0096] Resetting k0s using k0sctl ...               
INFO[0106] ==> Running phase: Connect to hosts          
INFO[0106] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: connected             
INFO[0106] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: connected           
INFO[0106] ==> Running phase: Detect host operating systems 
INFO[0106] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: is running Ubuntu 22.04.5 LTS 
INFO[0106] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: is running Ubuntu 22.04.5 LTS 
INFO[0106] ==> Running phase: Acquire exclusive host lock 
INFO[0107] ==> Running phase: Prepare hosts             
INFO[0107] ==> Running phase: Gather host facts         
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: using ip-172-31-8-69.us-west-1.compute.internal as hostname 
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: using ip-172-31-48-46.us-west-1.compute.internal as hostname 
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: discovered ens5 as private interface 
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: discovered ens5 as private interface 
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: discovered 172.31.8.69 as private address 
INFO[0107] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: discovered 172.31.48.46 as private address 
INFO[0107] ==> Running phase: Gather k0s facts          
INFO[0108] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: found existing configuration 
INFO[0108] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: is running k0s controller+worker version v1.31.1+k0s.1 
WARN[0108] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: the controller+worker node will not schedule regular workloads without toleration for node-role.kubernetes.io/master:NoSchedule unless 'noTaints: true' is set 
INFO[0108] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: listing etcd members 
INFO[0110] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: is running k0s worker version v1.31.1+k0s.1 
INFO[0110] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: checking if worker ip-172-31-8-69.us-west-1.compute.internal has joined 
INFO[0110] ==> Running phase: Reset workers             
INFO[0111] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: reset                 
INFO[0111] ==> Running phase: Reset controllers         
INFO[0114] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: reset               
INFO[0114] ==> Running phase: Reset leader              
INFO[0114] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: reset               
INFO[0114] ==> Running phase: Reload service manager    
INFO[0114] [ssh] 54.151.30.20:22: reloading service manager 
INFO[0114] [ssh] 54.215.145.126:22: reloading service manager 
INFO[0115] ==> Running phase: Release exclusive host lock 
INFO[0115] ==> Running phase: Disconnect from hosts     
INFO[0115] ==> Finished in 8s                           
INFO[0125] Running etcd cleanup service ...             
INFO[0128] MKE3 etcd directories successfully cleaned up ... 
INFO[0128] Restoring etcd from the previously taken system backup ... 
INFO[0128] Successfully restored etcd with output:      
INFO[0128] Deploying etcd server ...                    
INFO[0129] Successfully deployed the etcd server with output: fb09c3e5e514d9ffe03a3df4bc461c29a695cf73d703ace5294702b7023021af 
INFO[0129] Waiting for etcd to be healthy ...           
INFO[0131] etcd health check succeeded!                 
INFO[0178] [Rollback Upgrade Tasks] Completed           
INFO[0178] Step 2 of 2: [Rollback Pre Upgrade Tasks]    
INFO[0178] [Rollback Pre Upgrade Tasks] Completed       
INFO[0178] Rollback to MKE version 3.7.15 completed successfully ... 
FATA[0178] Upgrade failed due to error: aborting upgrade due to signal interrupt 
```

In the event of an upgrade failure, the upgrade process rolls back,
restoring the MKE 3 cluster to its original state.

## Revert the migration

> To revert upgraded cluster back to MKE 3, you need to:
> 
> - [uninstall MKE 4](../getting-started/uninstall-cluster)
> - [restore MKE 3 from a backup](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/current/ops/disaster-recovery.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revert a cluster upgraded to MKE 4 back to MKE 3:

1. [Uninstall MKE 4](../getting-started/uninstall-cluster).

2. [Restore MKE 3 from a backup](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/current/ops/disaster-recovery.html).

```

> To revert upgraded cluster back to MKE 3, you need to:
> 
> - [uninstall MKE 4](../getting-started/uninstall-cluster)
> - [restore MKE 3 from a backup](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/current/ops/disaster-recovery.html)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To revert a cluster upgraded to MKE 4 back to MKE 3:

1. [Uninstall MKE 4](../getting-started/uninstall-cluster).

2. [Restore MKE 3 from a backup](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke/current/ops/disaster-recovery.html).

```
